Allow hyphens in fides_key (#347)
ethyca/fides: docs/fides/docs/language/taxonomy/data_categories.md

## Object Structure

**fides_key**<span class="required"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;_constrained string_

A string token that uniquely identifies this Data Category. The value is a dot-separated concatenation of the `fides_key` values of the resource's ancestors plus a final element for this resource:

`grandparent.parent.this_data_category`

> The final element (`this_data_category`) may only contain alphanumeric characters and underbars (`[A-Za-z0-9_.-]`). The dot character is reserved as a separator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The final element (`this_data_category`) may only contain alphanumeric characters, `_`, `.`, and `-` (it will be evaluated against the regular expression: `[A-z0-9_.-]`). The dot character is reserved as a separator.
```
